docs: :memo: update readme with some install instructions (#778)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: README.md

way using modern data engineering best practices.

Sprout is the backbone of the Seedcase family; this is where data is
uploaded, described, and stored.

Seedcase Sprout is designed to receive data files and guide the user
through adding metadata to the research data that the user of Seedcase
would like to store in a responsible way.

## Install

Seedcase Sprout can be installed in two ways. The first is to install it
as a user, and the second is to install it as a contributor.

> ### Installation for users
> 
> To install Seedcase Sprout as a user, you will need to have `pip`
> installed. Once you've ensured that it is up-to-date, you can use the
> following command to install Seedcase Sprout:
> 
> ``` bash
> pip install seedcase_sprout@git+https://github.com/seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout
> ```

Reviewer: Since we have a guide for this, lets refer them to that

```suggestion
To install it as a user, see our [Installation Guide](https://sprout.seedcase-project.org/docs/guide/installation).
```

### Installation for contributors

> If you would like to contribute to Seedcase Sprout, you should first
> read the contribution guidelines in the [CONTRIBUTING]() file. Then
> return here to install poetry and clone the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to contribute, please
read the [contribution guidelines]() first. Then
return here to install Poetry and clone the repository.
```

> <!--TODO add link above--> The Seedcase project uses Poetry to manage
> dependencies. If you haven't worked with Poetry before, you will find an
> excellent introduction to it in the [Poetry
> documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/). If you have worked with
> it before you can find a quick guide to installing it below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--TODO add link above--> 

We use Poetry to manage
dependencies. If you haven't worked with Poetry before, you will find an
excellent introduction to it in the [Poetry
documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/). If you have worked with
it before you can find a quick guide to installing it below.
```

To install Poetry, run:

``` bash
pipx install poetry
```

> 
> To run any Python commands within this project, always append the
> command with `poetry run`, for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Then, open a terminal so that the working directory is the root of this project (`seedcase-sprout/`) and run:
```

> ``` bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> poetry run python manage.py runserver
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Or with the justfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

``` bash

> just start-app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
just install-deps
```
